{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1348\cocoasubrtf170
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\vieww37900\viewh18280\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl120\slmult1\sa200\qr

\f0\fs22 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa200\qr

\b \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl276\slmult1\sa200
\cf0 P. Nicole Mizell\
Purvis, MS 39475\
Cell phone: (601) 812-7815\
Email address: nicole.mizell@outlook.com
\b0 \
\ul \

\b Experience\ulnone :
\b0 \

\b \
01-03/2015 - OSP Designer, AFL Global, Home based 
\b0 \
Responsible for drafting, designing, and engineering new fiber layouts for telecommunication services. Includes in-depth knowledge and use of BSTCAD, Adobe reader, PDF Re-direct, Excel spread sheets, Microsoft Word, Microsoft Outlook, Microsoft  Lync, Egnyte file sharing, Google Maps, Google Earth, and Go-to-Meeting. \
\

\b \
05/2014-current - BSTCAD Drafter, AFL Global,  Home based
\b0 \
Responsible for drafting CAD designs in BSTCAD for telecommunications engineers in a timely manner.  Requires extreme attention to detail, data entry, knowledge and use of BSTCAD, scanning and printing devices, Microsoft Word, Microsoft Outlook, Microsoft Lync, Adobe reader, and PDFRe-direct.\
\
\

\b 09/2013-05/2014 - Firehouse Subs Team Member, Hattiesburg, MS 
\b0 \
Responsible for answering the phone, taking/serving customers' orders in a timely manner, preparing the lobby and food line for morning/afternoon/night shift with the help of other team members and/or shift manager(s). Also requires exceptional customer service, ability to work under pressure, and general cleaning. \
\

\b \
02/2013-04/2013 - Team-Lead, A.D.T. Advantage, Panama City, FL
\b0 \
Responsible for delivering [1-7] consultants to customer locations in the tri-state area, assisting in customer relations and questions, supervising, managing and motivating consultants, recruiting and training new hires. Requires gathering and handling sensitive, personal information, checks, and contracts. Skill set requires strong multitasking abilities, superior organization skills, time management, seamless relocation of representatives, and strong communication skills.\
\
\

\b 12/2012-02/2013 - Senior Promotional Representative, A.D.T. Safe Home Systems, Lynn Haven, FL     
\b0 \
Responsibilities include but are not limited to memorization of sales pitch, promoting new merchandise, and filling and filing customers' contract agreements. Includes use and knowledge of credit report services, data entry, all current company merchandise and pricing as well as competitor merchandise and pricing. Required skills include but are not limited to ability to work with little to no supervision, strong organizational skills, ability to present ones self in a personable, yet professional  manner in person, over the phone, and/or through email, the ability to walk for long periods of time, and the knowledge and confidence to 'close deals.'\
 \
\

\b 08/2010 
\b0 - Certificate of Basic outside Plant Engineering, Madison, MS\
 \
\

\b 07/2010
\b0  - Certificate of BSTCAD Training, Madison, MS\
\

\b \ul \

\b0 \ulnone \
\ul \

\b Education:
\b0 \ulnone \
Graduated from The Education Center\
4080 Old Canton RD\
Jackson, MS 39216\
Graduating Class of 2012\
GPA: 3.23 \
\
\
 \
\ul \

\b Attainments:
\b0 \
\ulnone -Student Council- Journalist\
- The Honorary \'93Wings Award\'94               \
-10+ years of amateur photography                 \
\
}